---
title: "CV & References"
teaching: 0
exercises: 0
questions:
- "Key question (FIXME)"
objectives:
- "First learning objective. (FIXME)"
keypoints:
- "First key point. Brief Answer to questions. (FIXME)"
---

## References
- As high profile as possible 
- But need to be high on detail 
- For UK fellowships it’s typically helpful to get someone who the reviewers/panel will recognise 
	- I.e. a high-profile UK-based person

## Leadership roles
- These can be very important!
	- Helps back-up your claims of experience in your proposal area.
	- Enhances your overall profile
- Obtaining these roles is not directly under your control, but you can help yourself
	- Be attentive in meetings - contribute!
	- Accept small responsibilities that can help you up the ladder
		- From e.g. writing a section of an INT note/being editor of an INT note
		- To taking on a small technical responsibility e.g. SUSY MC Production Manager/EGamma liason for the Top WG.


# Career moves

People often don't have the luxury of choosing their career path (limited job opportunities, two-body problems, etc.). However, when thinking about next career steps it can be useful think about how your profile looks from the outside. In other words can you sell it as being a progression?

There are opportunites such as CERN Fellowships which potentially stand out more than a "standard" post-doc. If you have the luxury of being able to apply for these it can enhance your CV. But on the whole the work you do and roles you hold is likely to be much more important.


{% include links.md %}

